Folks I hung out with, we were very much about
not standing around in our perfect outfits,
but in getting dirty and messy. So, it would
have been really slutty, like, lacy stuff.
Black and red fish nets with, some kind of, like,
lacy lingerie, but very little and very practical,
so... When I first came to Toronto, I presented
in a very androgynous way. And I came to, sort of,
reclaim this femme-ness that I had rejected
before. You know, I’m in my early twenties, right?
So, I’m exploring what it means to be a feminist,
and can you wear heels? And all these stuff that
seem ridiculous to me now, but at the time were
important things that I was working through. So,
I was reclaiming lingerie, reclaiming a bunch of
femme stuff for an audience that was women and
trans people and butches. By trans, I should
mention, I’m using that in a really umbrella,
broad way that includes, like, non-binary, gender
fluid, butches, bois. Like, that whole spectrum.
There was a lot of judgment about being into
certain things and meaning that you’re, like, just
replicating patriarchal ideas. And the folks I
was associating with were really saying, “We don’t
give a shit. Like, everyone deserves pleasure.
Everyone deserves to express themselves however
they want.” And that was my kind of feminism.
That’s why I loved the kink scene so much. The
body positivity was incredible. Like, there was
just so much acceptance of different ages and body
types and presentations, and people would shift
their presentations in the community over time,
and nobody... Like, it was all just celebrated.
Like, it felt really comfortable. So, I would
have been wearing clothes probably way more femme
and quote unquote sexy than I would have in my
day-to-day life, because it was a space where
I felt excited and safe to present in that way.